docs: minor improvements for README.md (#77)
trendmicro/cloudone-filestorage-plugins: post-scan-actions/aws-python-email-notification/README.md

    - Install the AWS command line interface (CLI). See [Installing the AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-install.html) for details.
    - Install GNU Make if you don't want to use the AWS CLI. See [GNU Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/) for download information.
2. **Configure Amazon Simple Email Servie**

>     - Verify the Email addresses you are going to use for sending the Email notifications as well as the recipient's Email address. See [Verifying email addresses in Amazon SES](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/DeveloperGuide/verify-email-addresses.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Verify the Email addresses you are going to use for sending the Email notifications as well as the recipient's Email address. For more information, see [Verifying email addresses in Amazon SES](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/DeveloperGuide/verify-email-addresses.html).
```

        - In the **Name** field, enter a name. Example: `FSS_SES_Send_Email_Policy`.
        - Click **Create policy**.
    8. Click the link to your policy to open its summary.

>     9. Take note of the **Policy ARN** near the top of the page.

Reviewer: It's would be used if the user then use the CLI to create execution role in next step. Does that make sense to you?

Author: Ah, I see! So we need it for the next step, which is to use the CLI. 
In that case, no need to delete it. Thanks @carpusherw

<details>
<summary>Using the AWS console</summary>
    
1. **Find the 'ScanResultTopic' SNS topic ARN**

>     - In the AWS console, go to **Services > CloudFormation** > your all-in-one stack > **Resources** > your storage stack > **Resources**.
>     - Scroll down to locate the  **ScanResultTopic** Logical ID. 
>     - Take note of the **ScanResultTopic** ARN. Example: `arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:123445678901:FileStorageSecurity-All-In-One-Stack-StorageStack-1IDPU1PZ2W5RN-ScanResultTopic-N8DD2JH1GRKF`

Reviewer 2: Using stack `Outputs` to find the ARN is more suggested.
```suggestion
    - In the AWS console, go to **Services > CloudFormation** > your all-in-one stack or your storage stack > **Outputs**. 
    - Take note of the value of **ScanResultTopicARN**. Example: `arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:123445678901:FileStorageSecurity-All-In-One-Stack-StorageStack-1IDPU1PZ2W5RN-ScanResultTopic-N8DD2JH1GRKF`
```
